[16.0][IMP] stock_move_line_lock_qty_done: prevent test cases from other modules from failing (#1760)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_move_line_lock_qty_done/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To configure this module, you need to add the users allowed to edit the done quntity
for done moves to the group "Can edit done quantity for done stock moves"

> Enable the 'Limit Updates to Done Quantity After Validation' option under 'Inventory > Settings' to enable the restriction of modifying the done quantity for validated stock moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the following settings:

* Go to *Inventory > Settings* and select 'Limit Updates to Done Quantity After Validation' option to enable the restriction. This should be done for each company.
* Add users allowed to edit the done quantity for done moves to the group 'Can edit done quantity for done stock moves'.
```
